# SL23
## Welcome to SL23

### mutable/immutable
if you create a variable in AsmX v3, you can also create a variable using **@mut** (the name of the instruction was shortened from the English word **mutable**).

If you are an experienced programmer and know what constants are and how to create them in AsmX, then you can use **@immut** instead of @define

Instead of @set and @define you can use the @mut / @immut (**mutable/immutable**) writing style.

### Code style
Follow your own code writing rules in the code.  This will increase the readability of your program.

#### Registers

Follow your own code writing rules in the code. This will increase the readability of your program.

Registers, you can write them using two styles. Using the $UPPER and $lower style. However, if you write registers in the $UPPER style, it is recommended to write instructions in this style. If you write in the $lower style. The style of instructions and registers should match, at least for this case, you can write in the Title style.
Examples of writing registers:
```
$UPPER
$lower
```

#### Instructions

And instructions, you can write them using three styles. Using the @UPPER, @lower and @Title style. However, if you write instructions in the @UPPER style, it is recommended to write registers in this style, if you write in the @lower style. The style of instructions and registers should match, at least for this case, you can write in the @Title style.
Examples of writing instructions:
```
@UPPER
@Title
@lower
```


